I'm dying of laughter.
My Qin family is the richest man in the Soviet province
How can you go bankrupt in three minutes?
A construction site that has never seen the world of waste
Even if you die in place
It is impossible for the Qin family to go bankrupt
Jiang Shoucheng
Didn't you just say three minutes as a vent?
If three minutes are up
Nothing happened to the Qin family
Kneel down and kowtow to Young Master Qin and apologize
He also said that Young Master Qin would kowtow and beg him not to leave
I think he knelt down to Young Master Qin and begged for mercy
Hahahaha
Hey mom what's the matter
What? I'm broke now.
How is that possible?
Beast, are you kidding me?
Bankrupt, really bankrupt.
All the bank card balances on my phone are frozen
Could it be that
Zhang Shoucheng is really predictable
Zhang Shoucheng?
Heaven and earth are my mistakes
It's all my fault
Please take back your mana
Let me die, the Qin family will be my father's down payment
Your Qin family's monopoly assets made a big mistake
Even the gods are hard to save
Heaven and earth, you can't treat me like this
Heaven and earth are nonsense
I can't even calculate the future for Lao Sun
How can you figure it out?
That's right, you get up first if you have less money.
It must have been this trash who knew in advance
Just let the army die here
Otherwise, how could he possibly count it?
Okay, Zhang Shoucheng
You dare to play with me
I'll tell you what.
I, Qin Yu, have all the means
Let my Qin family make a comeback
Wait until my Qin family recovers
I'm sure I'll let you walk around
Here we go.
Behind the Qin family
Relying on the famous Tianyi Sect
You offended Mr. Qin
Just wait to die